#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.3.6
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via azure-search-documents
azure-core==1.30.2
    # via
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
azure-cosmos==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-identity==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-search-documents==11.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage-blob==12.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
botbuilder-core==4.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
botbuilder-schema==4.16.1
    # via
    #   botbuilder-core
    #   botframework-connector
    #   botframework-streaming
botframework-connector==4.16.1
    # via
    #   botbuilder-core
    #   botframework-streaming
botframework-streaming==4.16.1
    # via botbuilder-core
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via openai
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
jiter==0.5.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpickle==1.4.2
    # via botbuilder-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.14
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.1.21
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.2
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.99
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via dataclasses-json
msal==1.30.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   botframework-connector
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   botbuilder-schema
    #   botframework-connector
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==1.40.8
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   botframework-connector
    #   msal
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.7.24
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tiktoken
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   isodate
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.32
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-cosmos
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   botbuilder-schema
    #   requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
